docs(websocket): Added README for websocket host example (IDF-9115) (#496)
espressif/esp-protocols: components/esp_websocket_client/examples/linux/README.md

# ESP Websocket Client - Host Example

> This example demonstrates the usage of the ESP websocket client utilizing the Linux port. It allows for compilation and execution of the example directly within a Linux environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates the ESP websocket client using the `linux` target. It allows for compilation and execution of the example directly within a Linux environment.
```

> ## Compilation and Executio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compilation and Execution
```
